<div class="container m-5" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <div class="card m-5">
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Instrument Repair Services</h5>
            <p class="card-text">
                At Gitarrworksop, we take pride in offering expert repair services for a wide range of musical instruments. Our skilled technicians are dedicated to restoring your instruments to their optimal condition, ensuring that you can continue to create beautiful music.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                Whether your instrument needs a minor adjustment, a major overhaul, or anything in between, we have the expertise and precision to handle it. From guitars and pianos to woodwinds and brass, our comprehensive repair services cover a diverse range of musical instruments.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                We use high-quality materials and advanced techniques to address issues such as tuning, restringing, structural repairs, and more. Your satisfaction and the musical excellence of your instrument are our top priorities.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                Explore our repair services and trust us to breathe new life into your musical instruments. Our commitment to craftsmanship and attention to detail make us the ideal choice for musicians seeking reliable and exceptional repair solutions.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text" id="meetingBox">
                Ready to get your instrument back in perfect shape? Schedule a meeting with our experts to discuss your specific needs and find the best solution for you.
            </p>
                <p:commandButton value="Boka tid" icon="pi pi-calendar" styleClass="font-bold ui-button-outlined" action="#{navigationBean.goToClientReserve()}"/>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="card m-5" >
        <div class="card-body">
            <h5 class="card-title">Explore and Try Instruments</h5>
            <p class="card-text">
                Interested in trying out a musical instrument before making a purchase decision? At Gitarrworksop, we understand the importance of finding the perfect instrument that suits your style and preferences.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                Our showroom offers a diverse selection of high-quality instruments, including guitars, pianos, woodwinds, and brass. Whether you're a seasoned musician or a beginner, our experts are here to guide you through the options and help you make an informed choice.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                Book a meeting with us to explore our instrument collection, ask questions, and experience the sound and feel of different instruments. We believe that trying an instrument firsthand is essential to finding the one that resonates with you.
            </p>
            <p class="card-text">
                Ready to discover your next musical companion? Schedule a meeting with our experts and embark on a journey to find the perfect instrument for your musical expression.
            </p>
            <p:commandButton value="Boka tid" icon="pi pi-calendar" styleClass="font-bold ui-button-outlined" action="#{navigationBean.goToClientReserve()}"/>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


